# Meta Minter Rough Draft Whitepaper

Meta Minter is a new type of NFT marketplace going further into the tokenomics of media distribution and curating the creator economy with Web 3.0. Meta Minter is more than just another NFT marketplace. As fast as the Web3 space is moving. It's still being bottlenecked by comfort in the annual profit being extracted from the NFT space. While new innovation has began emerging, with the merging of DeFi and NFTs. With NFTX, and fractional. Some fields are still ripe for innovation in how tokenomics can truly change it's creator economy for the better. Front page example of how NFTs can change media with Meta Minter is decentralized advertising. As boring as it sounds. NFT's can store small or large amount of data via their contractURI. This URI can contain a link to a json or api gateway that pushes data of a json. When i first seen this process, many ideas popped into my head. However it wasn't until I started building Meta Minter that I noticed some things. I noticed explicitly that this would change one specific field immediately and that was advertisements. When you think of advertisements, you of course think of something that's popping up in your face and it's mundance. Which is understandable, my approach to changing advertisement isn't to make the appearance of it less annoying. The approach i'm using however is an approach of equal oppurtunity. Any user can submit data to the MetaMinter smart contract URI to change and show a message in the front page via changes to contractURI json. Done of course via Auctions. I'm still early in the stages of how these auctions would operate. The foundation for these auctions stem from a oppurtunity given to any individual anywhere to send a request to our smart contracts to advertise what has been requested. Variables on time of auction, price ceiling for bids for the auctions, DATA that can be advertised or should be advertised to a specific nft category or to the whole site. All these things are being looked as ways to keep each community category safe. This also just a rough draft, Meta MINTER IS ALPHA SOFTWARE, PLEASE BE ADVISED TO DYOR.
